This girl woke up just in time
It makes you feel good when you're awake.
Who are you?
Stinky bitches, I won't kill you today
I believe you are just simply seeking sex
Who paid for you?
I pay double
Bah, I hate you rich people the most
I don't care
Ah!
Why are you talking so much to this stinky bitch?
Let me teach him a good lesson
Wait, the boss is calling.
The boss is awake
Chen Ling, I have warned you.
Don't be haunted by ghosts anymore
Or I'll strangle you
It's as simple as strangling an ant
Give you one more chance to leave the kite
Never come back
I don't see you and respect you
I'm not going anywhere.
The mouth is so hard, I'll leave it to you
Tune it well
Life or death
Ah, whether he is temporary or Chen Lin
I can't lose him
boss
Miss Chen Lin, she is missing.
What!
Find me